docs(building-rollup): harmonize and extend docs (#301)
open-wc/open-wc: packages/building-rollup/README.md

npm i -D @open-wc/building-rollup rollup rimraf http-server
```

> 2. Create a file `rollup.config.js` and pass in your app's `index.html`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `rollup.config.js` file and pass in your app's `index.html`:
```

}));
```

#### Disable typescript compilation
We already mentioned this above, but this is *really important*: Make sure to prevent any compilation done by the typescript compiler (`tsc`). If you use one of the options above, you put babel or rollup in charge of the compilation of typescript. In no case do you want multiple compilers to interfere with each other.

> You do this by setting these options in `tsconfig.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by setting the following options in `tsconfig.json`:
```

```json
{
  "compilerOptions": {

>     "target": "ESNext",

Reviewer 2: In the typescript docs it mentions `ESNEXT` as the option for target. I'm not sure if it's case sensitive, do you know if this will work?
